I want to create a front and react see this is the idea of my application I want the user to input the voice and then process that voice using Whisper model through gpts API once the transcription is received by the frontend that text to be sent to openai gpts API 2 extract details like project name project code department name team name severit and description and subject line from the user input of the voice itself from the transcription I want this fields  to be populated in front of the user using a simple form where they can see the extracted details as extracted details from the collected data from the form itself and elave the scope of editing some.details of extracted wrong. 
Now I want the user to see two buttons one to re record if the user not satisfied by rhe voice transcriptions and extraction And another button to generate ticket - after ticket is generated a success toast or sign or animation will s how user that ticket is generated if not show error msaafqe try again...
Botht the extraction part and tye generate ticket part..I have backend apis for the two. 
But transcriptions needs to bw carried out in frontend.
Also I want the loading component too wherever needesld and then Also want a progress bar while the ticket is generating to show the user the progress 
While the voice is being recorded can we show the user moving bars or some animation for better experience.

In the first step of my application I want the user to first select a user name from a given drop-down and then move to the next step of recording voice. And user should also get the option to go back after being navigated to record voice since the user might select wrong user or might want to change it. ( I forgot to mention this in starting)
How yo do this?Now create a flow foe mw start coding this application..like how state can be managed, the components and the backend APIs and frontend voice capture and transcription. Also I guess the statae van be djredtly managed by use state,  use ref , the se in built hooks by react..I don't think we need redux for this.wjat u say?

I am using tailwind css and javascript.
